This is my first time. Like, so I walk
in. Yeah. I have them take a picture
with this a bit and then I reveal. Yes.
Okay. Got it. Yeah. Right. When you know
the sweetest spot, the sweetest moment
where you know the cameras is like
focused.
[Music]
Okay. Hi folk. This is Lisa and welcome
to my final fitting for the Met Gala. Go
on.
No, you're perfect. I'm super nervous. I
mean, this is my first Met today. I'm
wearing Louis Vuitton by Farel. It's
recreates an artwork by Henry Taylor.
It's crazy. You have to see all the
details. Like, can you zoom in? Like,
you can see like the LV logo, also his
art. I fall in love with this right
away. But we were like trying playing
around like which silhouette should I go
with? I could wear pants, but do we want
to do that or you know like do we want
to make something more crazier, more
fun? And then this is what we decide and
also with the color as well like should
we go with red or white? When I wear
black I feel powerful and it's like it's
the perfect fit. When I do the first
fitting, I try a lot of like accessory
like where should I put like a brooch
here or necklace, but we ended up put it
here cuz I feel like when I see men's
wear, they always have like a chain belt
or chain pants. So, I feel like if this
look is a little too feminine, like too
girly, I think I should put this so it's
make more cooler. Also, the back. My
favorite color is
yellow. But I I don't think yellow would
be perfect for this look. So, I chose
the the black and the pearl. More
[Music]
chic. I'm thinking of like, should I
just tie my hair up so they can really
see all the details here or I just like
put it down? I really have fun like
getting ready like from the from the
outfit glam. I always have like a a long
chat with my glam team. I do a Korean
face mask. It's like it's it's the must
the night before the big event like
this. I always do that.
Hello. How are you? How are you?
Amazing. Listen, super sharp. Of course,
you know, we snatched the hell out of
it. And I think that you should play the
jacket for a little bit, but then at a
certain point then you hit them with the
reveal so they could really see how
snatched it is. Okay. This it serves as
a curtain. Okay? You know what I mean?
It's like so they can see the main
attraction cuz they have no idea that
it's going to be fitted the way it is.
This was made just for you. Obviously
the detail of like all the Henry Taylor
embroidery. I know along with the
crystals crazy. And upon your request we
put more crystals. Okay, I want to be,
you know, like it's a met, you know, for
your first mat and moving forward. I
think you just stand in the confidence
of knowing that you are eating Mhm. the
carpet up tonight. It doesn't matter
whether you're standing like this or
you're standing like that or you're
standing whatever way you want to. It's
just going to work because this was made
for you. So, I'm just going to Yeah.
Like that. Yeah. And I just want to make
sure the camera is
understanding the level here because my
whole vibe is like predicated on three
things. Chic. Mhm. Wearable. Mhm. And
wellmade. You're wearing art. Yes. I'm
wearing art. Yeah. This is crazy. This
look is inspired by the theme of this
year's Met Gala, which is super fine.
The idea that like, you know, we love
this color black and the world loves
this color black. They love black
clothes. They love black shoes. They
like black dresses. They like black
glasses. They like black cars, black
planes, even black pink. Right. But
here's a moment where we highlight the
taste level and the taste buds of black
people. I feel so honored and this is so
special. Thank you so much. No, thank
you. It's great. Can you give him a a
360 twirl?
Sure. Yes. Good night.
I mean like I don't really wear this a
lot. So, you know, like for my fans or
like people who love fashion, I think
they're going to be surprised.
Bye,
B.
Okay.
Oh,
cute. I'm ready.
[Music]